Hello, my name is Jose.
I am very glad to welcome you back for the last module of
this course about the Java Reflection API.
We are going to talk about the performances of this
API and about method handles,
which is the solution to fix the performance issues introduced in Java 7.
Let us quickly see the agenda of this last module.
First, we are going to talk about the performances of the Reflection API.
You may have heard many people talking about the
performance issues of the Reflection API,
and indeed, they do exist.
So we are first going to explain where does it come from.
Why is the Reflection API considered slow by so many people?
And once we have identified those performance issues,
we will be able to propose a solution to fix them.
And this solution has a name. It is the MethodHandle API of this last module.